Remove IQP Classic (#2289)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: README.md

### Qiskit Runtime service on IBM Quantum Platform

> | :warning: IBM Quantum Platform Classic was sunset on July 1st, 2025. The ibm_quantum channel option is no longer supported. The ibm_cloud and ibm_quantum_platform channels are now the only valid channels. See the [migration guide.](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs/migration-guides/classic-iqp-to-cloud-iqp) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :warning: After the sunset of IBM Quantum Platform Classic the `ibm_quantum` channel option is no longer supported. The `ibm_cloud` and `ibm_quantum_platform` channels are now the only valid channels. See the [migration guide.](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs/migration-guides/classic-iqp-to-cloud-iqp) for more information.
```
